Cher.
Did you know P’Preem just asked me to audition for a series?
I’d be paired with P’Charm.
You've passed the first round.
This round, we will have someone acting opposite you.
I really wanna know…
If you and P’Charm ever met again,
would she even recognize you?
I kinda wanna know too—if she saw me now,
would she still look at me the same way she did back then?
Mom… are you leaving me like Dad did?
It’s not like that, Charm.
I’m not abandoning you, sweetheart.
America isn’t that far.
Whenever we miss each other, you can fly over and see me anytime, okay?
Charm…
I really have to move to America with Steve.
Ever since your dad walked away and started a new family,
it’s only been you and me.
You’re all I’ve had.
And now you’re leaving me too?
I know.
I know this
is really hard for you, Charm.
But I also know
my Charm is stronger than this.
And I believe
you can stay here and
take care of yourself.
Yes, Mom.
I’m strong.
You should go.
I’ll manage.
Go pack.
Dad loves someone else now.
He doesn’t love you anymore.
I’ll stay with you.
Don’t cry.
From now on, I’ll protect you.
Thank you for staying with me, Charm.
Mom met someone.
His name’s Steve. He’s American.
Are you sure
he’s not just fooling you?
I don’t want to see you cry like that again.
No, sweetheart.
Steve isn’t that kind of man.
Yes, Mom.
Mint.
Can I stay over tonight?
What’s wrong, Charm?
Mom’s moving to America.
I don’t have anyone left now, Mint.
You still have me.
Don’t leave me.
I never will.
Let me go check first.
Oh—do we have a guest?
P’Mac.
This is Charm.
She’s my friend.
Oh.
Nice to meet you.
P’Mac is my fiancé.
I love you, Mint.
If I didn’t have you,
I don’t think I could even smile.
Charm…
It’s not what you think.
Please, just hear me out first.
Charm.
I’m sorry.
Ever since that day, I’ve tried calling you every day.
But you never picked up.
I wanted to explain.
I don’t think there’s anything left to explain, Mint.
P’Mac—
our parents arranged it. I really couldn’t say no.
And you knew, didn’t you—
this was never going to have a future.
Then why did we sleep together?
Why did we end up in bed almost every time we met?
Why, Mint—why would you do that?
If you never saw a future with me.
I’m not your emotional safety net, Mint.
But if you’ve made your choice,
then go.
Go have your perfect future.
Don’t pretend you care about me.
Charm.
Seeing you like this makes me scared of love, for real.
Oh—you’re awake?
Thought you’d drink yourself to death.
Wan.
When did you get here?
Just in time before you passed out drunk in this house.
So… you okay?
Hey, come here.
Forget the hug—screw that, Charm.
Go find someone new.
Find someone a hundred times better than Mint.
I was almost touched.
My head’s spinning.
Come on.
Let’s focus on work instead.
So what are you gonna do
about the GL series audition?
I’m not sure.
I know it’s a good opportunity.
I just don’t know if I’m actually ready.
What are you unsure about?
You know how important this is.
Breakthrough chances in this industry don’t come easy.
I just—
don’t know if I can really act.
You’ve studied acting for years.
Why wouldn’t you be able to?
Fine, whatever.
But don’t keep getting wasted over Mint
and throw your future away.
I’m asking you.
And no more drinking like that.
We’ve got something important this week.
The makeup artist’s gonna yell
about those dark circles under your eyes.
Okay.
I’ll try.
Charm.
Hey.
You look insanely good, by the way.
So, Charm—
about
what I asked earlier.
The series audition.
I—
I talked to P’Chee about the details.
He really
wants you as the lead.
Just go, okay?
Please?
If you do it,
they’ll cast someone who matches your vibe afterward.
Just try.
Hey, Charm, at least audition.
I think this role needs someone who’s honest with the character’s feelings.
A GL series—
for me—
isn’t just about trends.
It’s about telling a love story
that deserves to be seen
and respected.
You have eyes that tell stories.
Even when you’re still,
you communicate.
If you’re ready
to really listen to the character’s heart
and stand by their truth,
I think this project will mean a lot—
Number 009, please step forward.
You passed the first round.
That was excellent.
Okay, Aom.
I think we’ve found our actress.
Schedule the workshop.
Yes, P’Chee.
Amazing.
Mom.
Please.
Just this one project.
After this—
I promise
I’ll do everything you and Dad ask.
Please.
You didn’t even consult me first.
It’s a girl-love series, right?
I’m not against it.
I just want to look at the details carefully.
I’m worried people might think
you actually like girls.
Mom—
It’s just acting.
And
besides—
if I get famous,
it’ll be good for our mall, won’t it?
I mean it.
Honey—
what do you think?
Let her do what she wants.
But you have to promise—
that after this,
you’ll do what we ask.
I promise.
Love you, Dad.
You really know how to sweet-talk.
Don’t try that on me.
Please, Mom.
Just let me do this.
Dad already said yes.
Seeing P’Charm again
makes my heart race.
That feeling—
from when I was younger,
wanting to wake up early
just to go to school
to see someone—
it’s back.
When I’m working,
I can distract myself.
But when I’m alone,
my thoughts go right back to her.
I know
I’m someone with strong desires.
And Mint
handled that well.
Do I know that person?
Is that a cat?
Why does it feel like I’ve seen that cat somewhere before?
But where?
Hi, we’re the cast of Frozen Valentine.
Let’s take a look
at who’s playing who.
Hi, I’m Preem.
I play Fai.
Hi, I’m Pingrak. I play May.
Hi, I’m Milk.
I play Eva.
Hi, I’m Charm. I play Pam.
Cut.
Aom.
Jane.
Are you two not comfortable with each other yet?
I think we’ll need a few more workshop sessions.
Okay, Wan.
Take
Charm
to rest for a bit.
Pingrak, and everyone else, take five.
Let’s pause the shoot for a moment.
Let’s go.
Wow, she’s kind of aloof.
But she’s cool though.
Okay, girls.
Today we’re going to do
some ice-breaking exercises
and syncing activities.
First activity—
eye contact.
Just look into each other’s eyes.
Let it say everything without words.
Then I’ll ask you how you feel.
I’ll count to three.
Open your eyes when I do.
One.
Two.
Three.
In P’Charm’s eyes,
I see strength.
But also…
something that feels sad underneath.
In Ping’s eyes,
I see sincerity
and determination
like she’s trying to say something.
Second activity.
It’s called the mirror exercise.
Face each other.
No one leads.
No one follows.
Focus on each other’s breathing.
Okay.
Next—
the love story activity.
I want Charm and Ping to take turns
sharing a love experience you’ll never forget.
Speak only about your own feelings.
If you’re ready,
you can begin.
My last relationship
was when I was seventeen.
She was sweet.
She took good care of me.
She knew how to spoil me.
I truly believed
she was the one.
The last one.
But she chose to walk away with someone else.
Back then, I was in so much pain.
So much that I wanted to believe
the person who once promised forever
would eventually
become nothing but a memory.
Huh?
Is P’Charm talking about P’Mint?
Does that mean they broke up?
I’ve never had a boyfriend.
But…
I once had a crush on a senior in school.
She never looked at me.
Not even once.
No matter what I tried to do for her,
she just—
always seemed annoyed with me.
“You’re annoying.”
“I don’t like people chasing me.”
Last activity for today—
the love line mini-game.
I want you two to move closer.
As close as you can,
while still feeling safe.
Hold hands.
Wrap an arm around the waist.
Then press your foreheads together.
Who
would ever reject someone this beautiful?
So stupid.
No wonder my heart’s beating this fast.
It’s because I’ve been
secretly crushing on P’Charm for years.
Cut.
Okay.
How does everyone feel today?
I feel like…
P’Charm is an amazing actress.
And P’Charm, how do you feel?
Ping.
Very sincere.
Thank you so much for today.
I hope we keep improving little by little.
That’s it for today. Class dismissed.
Great job.
How are you getting home, Ping?
Oh—
I drove.
Okay.
I’ll head out first then.
That’s ridiculous.
I can’t believe P’Charm asked like she actually cared.
Or…
maybe it was
just basic politeness.
So? Did she remember you?
She didn’t remember me at all, Cher.
Ugh.
So are you going to tell her?
You’re acting opposite her
and you’re not saying anything?
Why, Ping?
I just—
want to really know her once in my life.
Why though?
I see. I see.
Main character energy.
“Really know her once in my life.”
Wow.
I’m serious.
I really mean it.
Go away, Cher.
I want dessert. I’m done talking about this.
P’Charm…
followed Charmie’s IG?
Charmie.
Come here.
Did you know your twin just followed you?
Why am I this happy?
Hi.
I’m Pingrak. I play May.
I’m Preem. I play Fai.
Milk here. I play Eva.
Trust me, this series is spicy.
Please follow us.
Yes.
Oh—one more.
Hi, I’m Charm.
I play Pam.
Don’t forget to follow us.
Okay?
Bye-bye.
Cut.
Ping.
The director asked me to tell you—
you need to relax more.
Be more natural.
Take it easy, Ping.
You’ve done harder stage plays than this.
How about this—
just imagine P’Charm isn’t P’Charm.
Like…
think of her as a body pillow.
Or a doll.
Or—
your cat.
Better?
Good job.
That’s a wrap.
See? You can do it.
Thank you, P’Charm.
But next time, don’t waste everyone’s time.
P’Charm’s gotten way more aloof.
Still cool though.
Did you ever really love me?
Or was I just something temporary?
Cut.
That was incredible.
Seriously amazing.
P’Charm—
you were so good.
It felt real.
If I didn’t know you were acting,
I’d think you just got your heart broken.
What did you just say?
I was just complimenting you.
If you don’t know the truth,
don’t joke about it.
What’s her problem?
I was praising her.
Excuse me—have you seen Charm?
She’s probably at her usual corner.
P’Wan,
you really take good care of P’Charm.
Always driving her around.
Just doing my job.
Oh.
Your job?
Why drag that out like that?
It’s nothing.
Just teasing.
You just seem really dedicated to her.
Makes me wish I had a manager like you.
I’ll head out first.
Okay.
See you later.
Maybe I’ll hitch a ride next time.
Cheers.
Why are you so tense?
Forget it.
Easy for you to say.
Fine.
I’m going to the restroom.
Hey there, beautiful.
Alone tonight?
Did I walk in with an invisible friend?
Oh—
Want some company?
No.
Please step back.
Don’t act so stuck-up.
Relax.
I said no.
Step back right now.
I just—
wanted to buy you another drink.
Don’t make it a big deal.
You’re harassing me.
Step back right now, or I’m calling security.
Come on—
Let go.
What’s your problem?
I just asked you for a drink.
PMS or something?
Or your husband not satisfying you?
I don’t want a husband.
I want a wife.
Hey—what are you doing?
I don’t want a husband. I want a wife.
I saw the clip.
Tell me what happened last night.
Last night…
I punched a pervert who tried to grope me.
Okay.
I understand self-defense.
But we’re public figures.
This will get amplified.
Listen, Charm.
Your identity—
That’s personal. I respect that.
But as a model and actress,
you need to handle this better.
You have to think about the consequences.
If we lose control of this,
it won’t just affect you.
It’ll affect the team
and the series too.
I hope you understand that.
Yes.
I’m on your side.
I’m not saying what you did was wrong.
But you have to manage what comes after.
I’ve asked PR to handle it.
Legal will step in as well.
In the meantime,
no posting. Stay off social media for now.
Okay.
Good.
This is your chance to fix it.
I hope something like this doesn’t happen again.
I believe you’ll learn from this.
And grow.
I hope so.
Yes.
Thank you.
Do you think Charm actually likes girls?
Or is it just hype for the series?
No idea.
I’ve never seen her publicly date a woman.
Right?
If she really did, there’d be news already.
If you don’t know the truth, don’t judge P’Charm.
Oh? And you do?
No, I don’t.
But I know it’s her private life.
Not something people get to joke about
or judge like this.
I thought you were naïve.
Letting everyone walk all over you.
But just now—
not at all.
Ping.
Yes?
Want to run lines?
I’m sorry.
Can I have one more chance?
Was that my first kiss with P’Charm?
Was that real?
Or is it just her acting?
Focus, Charm.
It's just beingclose to her.
Why—
can’t I slow my heart down?
Right now, P’Charm doesn’t feel like some hot high school girl anymore.
I want to protect her.
and always being this close with her.
When did this feeling even start?